=pod

=head1 NAME

acc_lock_ucm_project - ClearCase trigger

Script:        F<acc_lock_ucm_project.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_LOCK_UCM_PROJECT>

Used as a post-op trigger on ucm pvob projects and streams to recursivly lock/unlock child streams and corresponding branches to streams and projects.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed in adminvobs/pvobs

The scripts installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

  acc_lock_ucm_project.pl -install -vob \thevob

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

  acc_lock_ucm_project.pl -install

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account which owns the VOB.
The script will fail if that is not the case.

An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode

To bypass the script you must create the appropriate semaphor file first
(see the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper->enable_semaphore_backdoor).

It goes without saying, that to avoid misuse of this ability ClearCase administrators should make sure
that triggers are executed - and semaphore files ar looked-up - at locations where common users only
have read access. ...There! I said it anyway!

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Locking of projects or streams doesn't by default lock corresponding branches and child streams. This triggers purpose is to manage locks on these types in a more logic way.


=head1 AUTHOR

Olof Aldin, E<lt>olof@stickybit.seE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

See the website below.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://launchpad.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut

