
=pod

=head1 NAME

deliver_bl.pl - A ClearCase trigger script

Script:        F<deliver_bl.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_DELIVER_BASELINE>

This is an ClearCase UCM trigger script that will deliver a baseline to the integration stream if the baseline is created on a development (child stream)
It is intended to supplement the support for posted deliveries in the "ClearCase UCM Plugin" Jenkins plugin - see

=for html <a href="https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/ClearCase+UCM+Plugin">ClearCase UCM Plugin Jenkins plugin</a>

The trigger fires after the 'mkbl_complete' (when all baselines are created) event.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed on UCM project VOBs.
It will self install on a vob that has a string type attribute attached with value "ccucm_plugin_supported" attached to the vob.
To achieve that run the following commands

C<cleartool mkattype -nc -vtype string ACC_VOBType@>I<vobtag>

then

C<cleartool mkattr ACC_VOBType \"ccucm_plugin_supported\" vob:>I<vobtag>

The attribute should only be attached to UCM Project vobs (pvobs).
The script installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

C<ratlperl only_serial_deleviry.pl -install -vob >I<vobtag>

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

C<ratlperl deliver_bl.pl -install -preview -vob >I<vobtag>

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account
who owns the VOB. The script will fail if that is not the case.
The script will only install the trigger on UCM project vobs.
An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode

=head1 DESCRIPTION

After a baseline is created in a stream, the trigger is fired.
The trigger will exit silently B<unless> the following is true:

=over 4

=item * The baseline is created on a development stream

=item * The mastership of the development is different than the project's integration stream

=back

If all conditions is met, the baselines will be delivered to the integration stream.
As the deliver is from a differently mastered child stream it is a posted deliver.

=head1 Features

=head2 Configuration of behaviour

To change defaults for a site / an install, copy the file deliver_bl.ini to a relative subdirectory named "CustomCfg"
You can now make edits to the file, and behaviour changes accordingly.

=head2 Configuration options

The metioned ini-file contains:

 our %trigger_parms = ( )

 	# Change Baseline Mastership setting:
	# 0 means off, Do NOT change the mastership of the involved baselines
	# 1 means on, Change the mastership of the involved baselines, this is the default
	"ChgBaselineMasterShip" => 1,
	# Show Deliver confirmation:
	# When the trigger starts a deliver ClearCase prompts "Do you wish to continue with this deliver operation?"
	# 0 means off, Do NOT show confirmation message, this is the default
	# 1 means on, Show the confirmation message
	"ShowConfirmation" => 0,
 );

So you can could values for ChgBaselineMasterShip and or ShowConfirmation

=head2 Bypassing the trigger.

To bypass the script you must create the appropriate semaphore file first
(see the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper->enable_semaphore_backdoor).

It goes without saying, that to avoid misuse of this ability ClearCase administrators should make sure
that triggers are executed - and semaphore files ar looked-up - at locations where common users only
have read access.

=head2 Test suggestions

Please refer to the description at the project wiki page,

=for html <a href="http://wiki.praqma.net/acc/comp/triggers/acc_deliver_baseline">The trigger's wiki page</a>

=head1 AUTHOR

Jens Brejner, E<lt>jbr@praqma.netE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

Please send a mail to

=begin html

<a href="mailto:support@praqma.net">support@praqma.net</a>

=end html


=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://launchpad.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut
