######################## DOCUMENTATION ##############################

=pod

=head1 NAME

maintain_rename_history - ClearCase trigger

Script:        F<maintain_rename_history.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_RENAME_HISTORY>

Used as a generic trigger which preserves history when renaming an element in ClearCase - please see the Description

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed on any vob.

The scripts installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

  (ratl)perl maintain_rename_history -install -vob \thevob

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

  maintain_rename_history -install

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account which owns the VOB.
The script will fail if that is not the case.

An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In ClearCase a directory sees its files (elements) as just a list of names. If a file in a directory is renamed, the directory 
will just see a new list of element names - and not keep track of which element was renamed to what. The renamed element itself
will not see itself as changed - as it is only its name and not its contents that is changed. This means, that if a.txt is renamed
to B.txt, and b.txt is renamed to A.txt, then ClearCase will not show this in any way, and it is impossible for users to guess 
which file was previously named what. 
This trigger will add a comment to the directory that contains the changed element saying that "Element B.txt previously named a.txt".
The same comment will be added to the renamed element. 

=head2 Case sensivity

By default the trigger operates in Case sensitive mode, so elements with for instance CamelCase errors can be renamed
without involving the vob owner.

The case sensitive pattern matching can be changed to case insensitive if that is required, to do that, you will edit the
trigger script and change the line

        my $case_sensitive = 1;

to

        my $case_sensitive = 0;

=head2 Bypassing the trigger.

To bypass the script you must create the appropriate semaphore file first
(see the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper->enable_semaphore_backdoor).

It goes without saying, that to avoid misuse of this ability, ClearCase administrators should make sure
that triggers are executed - and semaphore files are looked-up - at locations where common users only
have read access.

Trigger script maintain_rename_history.pl respects a local semaphore directory. That means that any user can create the environment variable
with a value of a existing directory.

To utilize this functionality follow these steps.

=over

=item *

Select a directory, and create an User Environment Variable called B<CLEARCASE_USE_LOCAL_SEMAPHORE> and assign it a value of the directory selected.
In the CLI you could do:

=back

 set CLEARCASE_USE_LOCAL_SEMAPHORE=C:\Documents and Settings\student\My Documents\My Pictures

=over

=item *

Then create a file named after the user i.e. "student" in the selected directory

=item *

Edit the file, and add the line maintain_rename_history.pl to it. Close the file.

=item *

Now for the next 4 hours (approximately) C<ACC_RENAME_HISTORY> will exit silently without adding comments about renaming.

=item *

If more time is required, the semaphore file must be recreated (not copied, delete it and create a new with the same contents.)

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

Margit Bennetzen, E<lt>mab@praqma.netE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

See the website below.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://launchpad.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut