=pod

=head1 NAME

no_rmname_if_co - ClearCase trigger

Script:        F<no_rmname_if_co.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_BLOCK_RMNAME_IF_CO>

Used as a generic trigger which prevents renaming of an element which is checked out somewhere.
It can also check if the element's parent folder is checked out, that setting is non-default.

The default operation is controlled via a copy of the file no_rmname_if_co.pl.ini.


=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed on basevobs and ucmvobs (not adminvobs or pvobs)

The scripts installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

  no_rmname_if_co.pl -install -vob \thevob

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

  no_rmname_if_co.pl -install

To enable parent folder checking, make a copy of file no_rmname_if_co.pl.ini to the subfolder 
.\CustomCfg\.
Open the copy of the file which looks like this;

	# Configuration file for no_rmname_if_co.pl
	
	our %trigger_parms = (
	# Also search for Checkout of parent folder
	# 0 means off, do not check if parent folder is checked out
	# 1 means on, please check if parent folder is checked out
	"AlsoParent" => 0,
	
	);

and change the value 0 to 1 in the line 	"AlsoParent" => 0, and save the file.

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account which owns the VOB.
The script will fail if that is not the case.

An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode

To bypass the script you must create the appropriate semaphor file first
(see the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper->enable_semaphore_backdoor).

It goes without saying, that to avoid misuse of this ability ClearCase administrators should make sure
that triggers are executed - and semaphore files ar looked-up - at locations where common users only
have read access. ...There! I said it anyway!

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Elements and versions of elements can be removed by the users who owns them. This trigger prevents the
operations all togeteher - with the vobowner as the built-in exception.

=head1 AUTHOR

Jens Brejner, E<lt>jbrejner@praqma.netE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

See the website below.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://launchpad.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut


