=pod

=head1 NAME

only_serial_deleviry.pl - A ClearCase trigger script

Script:        F<only_serial_deleviry.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_SERIAL_DELIVER>

This is an UCM ClearCase trigger script to control usage of UCM activities and eventually the naming of activities.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed on UCM project VOBs.

The script installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

 ratlperl only_serial_deleviry.pl -install -vob \thevob

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

 ratlperl only_serial_deleviry.pl -install

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account which owns the VOB.
The script will fail if that is not the case.

The script will only install the trigger on UCM project vobs.

An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode


=head1 DESCRIPTION

By default ClearCase allows more than one concurrent deliver operation to a target stream.

While that is uncomplicated as long as each deliver changes different elememts, is will cause complications if the same elememt is
changed by 2 concurrent deliveries.
Imagine deliver operation one checks out foo.c for merging some changes - and deliver operation 2 needs to check out the same element -
that will not be possible before deliver operation 1 has completed, so the second deliver will fail.

So the - natural - aim of this trigger is to prevent concurrent deliveries to the same stream. As long as a deliver to the
stream is started, but not completed, any attempt to start a second deliver operation is prohibited.

=head1 Features


=head2 Bypassing the trigger.

To bypass the script you must create the appropriate semaphore file first
(see the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper->enable_semaphore_backdoor).

It goes without saying, that to avoid misuse of this ability ClearCase administrators should make sure
that triggers are executed - and semaphore files ar looked-up - at locations where common users only
have read access.

=head2 Test suggestions


Please refer to the description at the project wiki page,

=for html <a href="http://wiki.praqma.net/acc/comp/triggers/only_serial_delivery">The trigger's wiki page</a>


=head1 AUTHOR

Jens Brejner, E<lt>jbr@praqma.netE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

See the website below.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://launchpad.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut
