######################## DOCUMENTATION ##############################

=pod

=head1 NAME

checkout_latest - ClearCase trigger

Script:        F<pre_lnname.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_PRE_LNNAME>

Used as a trigger which validates filepath and filename.
At present it prevents the creation of too long filenames in ClearCase and the use of whitespaces in the filename.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed on any vob, but primarily on basevobs and ucmvobs.

The script installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

  pre_lnname.pl -install -vob \thevob

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

   pre_lnname.pl -install

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account which owns the VOB.
The script will fail if that is not the case.

An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Long filenames

ClearCase can handle pretty long file names (longer than 283 characters gave us some problems), 
but some versions of Windows have a limit of 255 characters. If you make too long filenames, then 
the action will fail. This trigger can help avoid this situation. As Windows can get into trouble 
above 255 characters, and as a file in ClearCase gets the .mkelem extension when adding to source 
control, our recommended maximum length for a path + file name in ClearCase is 247 characters.

Whitespaces

Badly places whitespaces in the filename can stop ClearCase from checkin in the file, and then it 
disappears from ClearCase Explorer. This trigger stops filenames whith the following whitespaces:
Filename cannot start with whitespace (" element" is prohibited)
Filename cannot end with whitespace ("element " is prohibited)
There cannot be a whitespace just before an extension seperator ("element .ext" is prohibited)


=head1 Features of C<ACC_PRE_LNNAME> trigger

=over

=item * External Configuration file per site

=item * Script generation

=item * Logfile

=item * Debugging

=item * Bypassing the Trigger.

=back

=head2 External Configuration file per site

Some options are configurable by the ClearCase administrator, so you can make the trigger behave according to your enterprise policies.

The currently supported configurable options are the maximum filepath length and whether to check for whitespaces.

In order do utilize the External configuration, the Administrator must locate the file pre_lnname.pl.ini in the same folder as the trigger script 

F<pre_lnname.pl> and copy it unmodified to the subfolder ..\CustomCfg. 

Then open the file which looks like this:

# Configuration file for re_lnname.pl

# change the pathlength to control how long paths you want on the system

our %trigger_parms = (
# lenght of path, 0 means off, a number means max pathlength
"pathlength" => 180,
# check for whitespaces
# 0 means off, 1 means on
"whitespacecheck" => 1

);

__END__



This is actually perl syntax here, so lines starting with a # sign are comments.

Now if you want to allow longer filenames, change 

 "pathlength" => 180,

to 

  "pathlength" => 283,


and save the change.

If you don't want to check the pathlength, change 

 "pathlength" => 180,

to 

  "pathlength" => 0

If you dont want to check your elements for whitespaces, change

  "whitespacecheck" => 1

to

  "whitespacecheck" => 0

The original file must exists unmodifed in the original location, or the script will fail, as the file gives the defaults to the script. But if the customized file 
exists, the settings from the customization takes precedence.

=head2 Logfile

When a too long file name is detected and stopped, we create a logfile in the executing users TEMP folder. The logfile will be named something like validate_filepath.plPID3852.log 

where the number refers to the PID of that process.

=head2 Debugging

Additional Debug information will be written to screen and logfile by defining one or two system environment variables 

CLEARCASE_TRIGGER_DEBUG=1 and/or CLEARCASE_TRIGGER_VERBOSE=1. After defining them you must restart the proces that will end up spawning the cleartool mkelem 

command, if you do not, the environment variables won't be seen. 

With either of these environment variables set, a lot more information will be written.

=head1 AUTHOR

Margit Bennetzen, E<lt>mab@praqma.netE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

See the website below.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://launchpad.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut
