=pod

=head1 NAME

rmemptybr - ClearCase trigger

Script:        F<rmemptybr.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_RMEMPTYBR>

Used as a trigger to remove empty branches if necessary after versions or branches has been removed.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed on VOBs that hold elements (everything but AdminVOBs and PVOBs)

The scripts installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

  rmemptybr.pl -install -vob \thevob

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

  rmemptybr.pl -install

(...or consult the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper).

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account which owns the VOB.
The script will fail if that is not the case.

An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode

To bypass (diable witoput uninstalling) the script the admin must create the appropriate semaphore file first
(see the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper->enable_semaphore_backdoor).

=head1 DESCRIPTION

When a version is removed from a branch or a checkout is undone, then the predecessor becomes the new LATEST.
But if the removed version is the only one on the branch except the zero version it means that the branch is
left empty and it really ought to be removed.

Another situation that can lead to dangeling empty branches is if a config spec is set up to create "cascading
branches". Then you have intentionally empty branches with no other purpose than to hold other branches coming
off from it - but if the leaf branches are removed - then so should the in-between branches.

The trigger is fires post-op and in case og snapshort views it deals with the unpleasant side-effect that if
you remove a version from a snapshot view then the element will have the status [not loaded]. This triggers
will re-load the element.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lars Kruse, E<lt>lak@praqma.netE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

See the website below.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://launchpad.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut
