######################## DOCUMENTATION ##############################

=pod

=head1 NAME

stop_twin - ClearCase trigger

Script:        F<stop_twin.pl>

Trigger name:  C<ACC_STOP_TWIN>

Used as a generic trigger which prevents creation of evil twins in ClearCase - please see the Description

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Runs as ClearCase trigger script installed on any vob, but primaryly on basevobs and ucmvobs ( it less likely to create elements on adminvobs or pvobs).

The scripts installs itself correctly when executed outside a trigger context using:

  (ratl)perl stop_twin -install -vob \thevob

To learn the full syntax simply execute the the script without the -vob switch:

  stop_twin -install

=head2 Restrictions

During the install process, that script is supposed to run under the account which owns the VOB, or a member of the ClearCase Administrators group.
The script will fail if that is not the case.

An exception is if you execute it in -preview mode

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In ClearCase all files and directories are elements, and directory elements are versioned just like file elements are.
Every ClearCase element is identfied by an Object ID internally in ClearCase, and these Object ID's each have a name.
Each version of a Directory Element contains a list of file- or directory names which where contained by the directory
element - in that version, and a diff of two versions will display a change in the list of names contained by the directory
element.

In a normal filesystem we delete files - or names - in order to remove them from the directory, but in ClearCase, because the names
actually are names of other elements, we can not accept that an entire element vanishes from Clearcase, just because we don't like or
need the name anymore.
So Clearcase does the only right thing - it removes the name from the directory element version.

Suppose that we at some time after removing the name foo.c from a directory version, ClearCase by itself does not stop us from creating
a brand new element, with the name foo.c, and have that recorded in the directory contents, but what ClearCase has created for us is 2
completely different element, with a history and contents of their own - but they look, by their name - like identical twins.
And they are evil. ClearCase can - and will not - merge what you see as one file, because it is 2 files.

That is the evil twin situation - and this trigger script, prevents the situation from happening, by looking in previous versions of the
directory if the name has been used. If the name have been used, you are not allowed to reuse it.

If you must reuse the name, you will need to merge a directory version that contains the name in question to the
directory version you are working with.

=head1 Features of C<ACC_STOP_TWIN> trigger

=over


=item * External Configuration file per site

=item * Automerge Mode

=item * CaseSensivity

=item * Script generation

=item * Logfile

=item * Debugging

=item * Bypassing the Trigger.

=back


=head2 External Configuration file per site

Some options are configurable by the ClearCase administrator, so you can make the trigger behave like according to your enterprise policies.
The currently supported configurable options are AutoMerge mode and CaseSensivity

In order do utilize the External configuration, the Administrator must locate the file stop_twin.pl.ini in the same folder as the trigger script 
F<stop_twin.pl> and copy it unmodified to the subfolder ..\CustomCfg. 
Then open the file which looks like this:

 # Configuration file for stop_twin.pl

 our %trigger_parms = (
 # Casesensensitive Name search
 # 0 means off, so a CamelCase rename operation would be stopped
 # 1 means on, so a CamelCase rename operation would not be seen as an evil twin attempt
 "CaseSensitive" => 0,
 # 0 means off, no automatic merge, based on based on best guess
 # 1 means active. Partial merge of directory on best guess, do not check in
 # 2 means active. Full automatic.Merge directory on best guess, check in changes.
 "AutoMerge" => 0
 );
  
 __END__

This is actually perl syntax here, so lines starting with a # sign are comments.
Now if you for instance want to enable case sensitivity, change the line:

 "CaseSensitive" => 0,
 
to 

  "CaseSensitive" => 1,
  
And save the change.

The original file must exists unmmodifed in the original location, or the script will fail, as the file gives the defaults to the script. But if the customized file 
exists, the settings from the customization takes precedence.

=head2 Automerge Mode

Automerge mode is optional, and refers to the 3 operating modes for the trigger.

The default is no merging at all, just stop the action if there is a name clash.

To make life easier for the users, partial merge mode is supported, that means the trigger will perform a best guess merge, but leave everything checked out, and 
ask the user to verify that the got what they wanted. It is kind of similar to a deliver operation, were you are asked to 
build and test before completing the operation.
In full Automerge mode, we will do as above - but also do the checkin. The mode is by nature not bulletproof, we will only try if we the merge candidate is
in the previous directory version, and only if the ClearCase Administrator selected this operating mode. To be safe consider this mode experimental.

=head2 CaseSensivity

By default the trigger operates in Case sensitive mode, so elements with for instance CamelCase errors can be renamed
without involving the vob owner.

=head2 Script generation

When the an evil twin possibility is detected we create a batch file for you right in the same folder as the element you attempt add. You can run the batch to
fix the situation - or let us do - because that is what happens in automatic mode.

=head2 Logfile

When the an evil twin possibility is detected we create a logfile in the executing users TEMP folder. The logfile will be named like stop_twin.plPID3852.log 
where the number refers to the PID of that process.

=head2 Debugging

Additional Debug information will be written to screen and Logfile by defining one or two system environment variables 
CLEARCASE_TRIGGER_DEBUG=1 and/or CLEARCASE_TRIGGER_VERBOSE=1. After defining them you must restart the proces that will end up spawning the cleartool mkelem 
command, if you do not, the environment variables won't be seen. 
With either of these environment variables set, a lot more information will be written.

=head2 Bypassing the trigger in general

To bypass the script you must create the appropriate semaphore file first
(see the POD documentation for praqma::trigger_helper->enable_semaphore_backdoor).

It goes without saying, that to avoid misuse of this ability ClearCase administrators should make sure
that triggers are executed - and semaphore files ar looked-up - at locations where common users only
have read access.

=head2 Bypassing the trigger by user action

Trigger script stop_twin.pl respects a local semaphore directory. That means that any user can create the environment varible
with a value of a existing directory.

To utilize this functionality follow these steps.

=over

=item *

Select a directory, and create an User Environment Variable called B<CLEARCASE_USE_LOCAL_SEMAPHORE> and assign it a value of the directory selected.
In the CLI you could do:

=back

 set CLEARCASE_USE_LOCAL_SEMAPHORE=C:\Documents and Settings\student\My Documents\My Pictures

=over

=item *

Then create a file named after the user i.e. "student" in the selected directory

=item *

Edit the file, and add the line stop_twin.pl to it. Close the file.

=item *

Now for the next 4 hours (approximately) C<ACC_STOP_TWIN> will exit silently for without checking for evil twins.

=item *

If more time is required, the semaphore file must be recreated (not copied, delete it and create a new with the same contents.)

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

Jens Brejner, E<lt>jbrejner@praqma.netE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

See the website below.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is distributed under the GNU General Pulic License v3.0

Support:    http://wiki.praqma.net/acc

=for html <a href="http://launchpad.net/acc">Project home at Launchpad</a>

=cut
